new spec 0.3 (#21)
corpus-ventures/dm3-spec: docs/specification/message-transport/mtp-deliveryservice-api.md

EncryptionEnvelop
```

### Response

```TypeScript
success: boolean
```

The response is true, if the delivery service received the envelop with the message. It is still ``true``, if the message does not fit the spam parameters (like minNonce or minBalance) and is recarded.
The response is ``false``, if the envelope can't be opended and interpreted by the delivery service.

## Get Properties of the Delivery Service

A **delivery service** provides a set of properties which a sending client must evaluate and observe. These properties can be informative or define that the sender of a message must follow in order for the delivery service to accept the message at all.

### Methode

```TypeScript
// call to get list of properties. 
dm3_getDeliveryServiceProperties
```

### Response

> * **Message TTL:** Defines, how long the delivery service guarantees to cache a message. After the guaranteed time, the message MAY be removed, even if it was not picked up by the receiver. The minimum MUST be 1 month. If the value is not set, messages will cached unlimited (default).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Message TTL:** Defines, how long the delivery service guarantees to cache a message. After the guaranteed time, the message MAY be removed, even if it was not picked up by the receiver. The minimum MUST be 30 days. If the value is not set, messages will cached unlimited (default).
```
